yes he had a lot of fun mm-hmm still get
the snuggle up every night under the
covers now he's too hot for and they
yeah come on top of the covers the top
of the cover boy you know I don't like
that
it's a lot cheaper on my site because of
this because it as a his hearing
so when he goes for walk does he kind of
walk behind people like the other dog
no he just eat if he's real familiar
with it he does very well oh but yeah
it's so familiar it's just like being
blind no you didn't find your way but if
it's someplace new like one time it's
been to the beach and he knew he wanted
to get to the surf and he got in there
and then he couldn't figure out why I
was there how he got there what he was
doing me oh no I was just liking yet he
was gonna bring far you know he may have
like a little minister because he kept
looking around like like what am I doing
here and what am I supposed to be doing
and no but you know what I did a lot of
tongue this is the last day I ever get
to see you you know I loved I loved you
when I gave you a great life they've
been such great friends to me
mm-hmm
you better diagnostic that's all I'm
gonna say I do now yeah yeah yeah
it doesn't you know I'll get through
this just like I got through everything